SyllabusSyllabus Unit and Topic Talk Time Rhythms and Listening Words in Action Phonics Phonics Practice Good morning. Welcome to class. Lets Introduction play a game. Good idea! Watch me. Make pairs. Okay. Lets start! Yeah! Okay! Stop! Are you ready? Lets do it again. One more time. Please listen to me. Wow! Good job! Lets finish. You were great! Goodbye. Term 1 Term 1 Hello. Hi. Its nice to meet you. Its nice to Chant If Youre Happy and 1 Feelings Whats the matter? ConsonantsC and Cl, L and Cl Phonics Jingle meet you, too. How are you? You Know It Im hungry, thirsty, hot, cold, sleepy, cap, clap, lock, clock Im great, thanks. And you? Im fine. Clap your hands. Stamp your foot. scared. Longshort vowels Nod your head. Snap your fingers. a and ae, i and ie Thump your chest. cap, cape, tap, tape, pin, pine, ink, Tim, time, iron Wow! I like your hat. Thank you. Whose Chant Who is Wearing Green? 2 Things We Wear Im wearing a Tshirt, a jacket, a cap, Consonants P and B Handwriting Practice Phonics Key Words hat is this? Its not mine. Its mine. Thank I am wearing green today. Look at jeans, a skirt, sunglasses, a sweater, a P and B Jingles you. Youre welcome. me. I am. Im not. blouse, parrot, pen, panda Color review a hat, shoes. bear, banana, bed Consonant clusters pl and bl plane, plate, blue, black gr, grass, green, great who, whose, who and what, white Hello. Can I speak to Joe? Speaking. Chant What Are You Doing? 3 Things We Do What are you doing? Im watching TV, eat Consonants T and D Words with a e i o u What are you doing? Im watching TV. Im doing karate. Im playing ing snacks, doing karate my homework, T and D Jingles And you? Im eating snacks. football. playing football computer games. tiger, tomato, telephone door, doll, duck ph, phone, photo, phonics, elephant ing, ring, wing, speaking, doing, watch ing, eating, playing tr and dr, tree, truck, dress, drink Term 2 Term 2 Look! Its a snake, plastic bag. Its short Chant I Love the Mountains 4 Beautiful Nature Its long short, big small, Consonants C and G Words with ae, ie long, beautiful ugly. Look at the beautiful I love the mountains, rolling hills, quiet noisy, weak strong. C and G Jingles Long Vowels flowers, daffodils, campfire when cat, cake, cap all the stars are out. goat, gorilla, girl Consonant clusters gr and cr, gl and cl class, crab, glass, grass sn and sh snake, shake, snow, show z, s, z mountains, flowers, hills, cats, ducks, snakes, faces, dresses, noses Good morning Ali. Wheres Jake? He Chant Were playing, were cycling 5 Friends, Actions, Things Theyre sweet, sour, hot, cold, salty, Plural endings z, s, z cant come. Hes helping his brother. Our friends are laughing, jump tasty She has sandwiches and orange juice. This is my friend Omar. Nice to meet you ing, cycling as happy as can be! Thats right! She has orange juice but she doesnt Omar! Nice to meet you, too! Ready? His friend is walking, talking, not Do you want one? have apples. Lets go to the new computer store! cycling Are you they playing, cy Whose hat is that? Maybe, Its Nouras Chant Good morning! Chant cling? Were not playing, theyre Good morning afternoon evening! not cycling Goodnight! iv v